README.md, before:

# ModularMultiplier
256-bit Implementation of the Paper "FPGA Modular Multipliers using Hybrid Reduction Techniques" with architectural differences in Karatsuba Multiplication style, using Xilinx Vivado

Prototyping and Testing done on a Nexys4 DDR FPGA board (Artix-7 FPGA).

The overall operation that we are aiming for is:

$$
Q \leftarrow X \cdot Y \pmod{M}
$$

This operation is being done via the usage of the following steps:

- 1 Full Multiplication (256x256)
- 1 Folding-based Reduction
- Coarse Grain Reduction
- Fine Grain Reduction

The architecture implemented here was as shown below:

![Microarchitecture of Modular Multiplier](Images/AlgoDiagram.jpeg)

The Karatsuba Multiplier was inspired by FloPoCo, specifically for the usage of Rectangular Karatsuba Multipliers to account for 25x18 DSP48E1 blocks in Nexys4 DDR. 

## Implementation Comparison

Our results and the corresponding comparison to that of the paper's implementation on state-of-the-art FPGA can be seen below:

| Metric                     | Paper's Implementation        | Our Implementation           |
|----------------------------|-------------------------------|------------------------------|
| **FPGA Family**            | Agilex 7                      | Artix 7                      |
| **Logic Resources**        | 11,505 LUTs                   | 20,278 LUTs                  |
| **Flip-Flops**             | —                             | 14,263 FFs                   |
| **DSP Blocks**             | 75                            | 211                          |
| **BRAM / Memory Blocks**   | 105 M20Ks                     | 68 BRAMs                     |
| **Latency**                | 57 cycles                     | 28 cycles                    |
| **FMax (Achieved)**        | 804 MHz                       | 110 MHz                      |
| **FMax (Operational)**     | 600 MHz                       | 100 MHz                      |

Commit message:

Enhance README with tiling details and terminology fix
Updated the README to include tiling information and corrected logic resources terminology.

README.md, after:

# ModularMultiplier
256-bit Implementation of the Paper "FPGA Modular Multipliers using Hybrid Reduction Techniques" with architectural differences in Karatsuba Multiplication style, using Xilinx Vivado

Prototyping and Testing done on a Nexys4 DDR FPGA board (Artix-7 FPGA).

The overall operation that we are aiming for is:

$$
Q \leftarrow X \cdot Y \pmod{M}
$$

This operation is being done via the usage of the following steps:

- 1 Full Multiplication (256x256)
- 1 Folding-based Reduction
- Coarse Grain Reduction
- Fine Grain Reduction

The architecture implemented here was as shown below:

![Microarchitecture of Modular Multiplier](Images/AlgoDiagram.jpeg)

The Karatsuba Multiplier was inspired by FloPoCo, specifically for the usage of Rectangular Karatsuba Multipliers to account for 25x18 DSP48E1 blocks in Nexys4 DDR. The tiling was done as shown below:

![Tiling of Karatsuba 25x18 blocks](Images/KaratsubaTiling.png)

## Implementation Comparison

Our results and the corresponding comparison to that of the paper's implementation on state-of-the-art FPGA can be seen below:

| Metric                     | Paper's Implementation        | Our Implementation           |
|----------------------------|-------------------------------|------------------------------|
| **FPGA Family**            | Agilex 7                      | Artix 7                      |
| **Logic Resources**        | 11,505 ALMs                   | 20,278 LUTs                  |
| **Flip-Flops**             | —                             | 14,263 FFs                   |
| **DSP Blocks**             | 75                            | 211                          |
| **BRAM / Memory Blocks**   | 105 M20Ks                     | 68 BRAMs                     |
| **Latency**                | 57 cycles                     | 28 cycles                    |
| **FMax (Achieved)**        | 804 MHz                       | 110 MHz                      |
| **FMax (Operational)**     | 600 MHz                       | 100 MHz                      |
